[OSDOCS#13195]:Updated incident management section of RACI doc with more info. (#90613)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-policy-incident.adoc

[id="rosa-policy-incident-management_{context}"]
== Incident management

> An incident is an event that results in a degradation or outage of one or more Red{nbsp}Hat services, and can affect Service Level Agreements (SLAs). An incident can be raised by a customer or a Customer Experience and Engagement (CEE) member through a support case, directly by the centralized monitoring and alerting system, or directly by a member of the SRE team.

Reviewer: This suggestion changes SLA to standard grammar, but I'm not sure if we use something different at RH as an official term though

```suggestion
An incident is an event that results in a degradation or outage of one or more Red{nbsp}Hat services, and can affect service-level agreements (SLAs). Customers and Customer Experience and Engagement (CEE) members can raise an incident through a support case. The centralized monitoring and alerting system and members of the SRE team can raise an incident directly.
```

Note: "directly" is not really clear to me here. I am guessing it means "without a support case", but I don't know if there's a better way to say what it actually means in practice?

Depending on the impact on the service and customer, the incident is categorized in terms of link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/production/sla[severity].

> Red Hat either sends out cluster notifications to affected individual clusters or changes the status at link:https://status.redhat.com[status.redhat.com] to reflect a wider incident. Cluster notifications are not sent for low-impact events, low-risk security updates, routine operations and maintenance, or minor, transient issues that are quickly resolved by SRE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red{nbsp}Hat sends out cluster notifications to affected individual clusters or changes the status at link:https://status.redhat.com[status.redhat.com] to reflect a wider incident. Cluster notifications are not sent for low-impact events, low-risk security updates, routine operations and maintenance, or minor, transient issues that are quickly resolved by SRE.
```

When managing a new incident, Red{nbsp}Hat uses the following general workflow:

. An SRE first responder is alerted to a new incident and begins an initial investigation.
. After the initial investigation, the incident is assigned an incident lead, who coordinates the recovery efforts.

> . An incident lead manages all communication and coordination around recovery, including any relevant notifications and support case updates. If the status of a service changes or if Red Hat has a significant update on the progress, then the incident lead sends out an updated cluster notification.

Reviewer: I keep thinking we ought to make an attribute for `Red{nbsp}Hat` so no one ever has to think about this again :sweat_smile: 
```suggestion
. An incident lead manages all communication and coordination around recovery, including any relevant notifications and support case updates. If the status of a service changes or if Red{nbsp}Hat has a significant update on the progress, then the incident lead sends out an updated cluster notification.
```
